# RERUM Model Functions
### Contains functions used in generating data, estimating RERUM parameters, and producing figures.

***

Script Name      | Description
-----------------|-------------
abundance.m      | Returns spatial abundance data that is used in the location choice model.
choiceprobs.m    | Returns the logit probabilities, given a vector of parameters b and alternative-specific covariates X.
clogit.m         | Returns the value of the conditional log likelihood function evaluated at the parameter vector b.
clust.m          | Returns an cluster object for parallel computing.
covariates.m     | Returns the covariates that enter the utility function for conditional or NFXP logit estimation.
dgp_estimation.m | Returns data and parameter estimates for different specifications of the utility function and data generating process scenarios.
dgpdata.m        | Returns exogenous data--e.g., abundance, expected catch, distance--to be used as covariates in utility function.
dgpdraw.m        | Returns data for a single draw from the dgp. It produces data for both exogenous variables (through `dgpdata`) and endogenous variables (using behavioral rules).
estimation.m     | Returns estimates of the preference parameter vector b given data and a specification of the utility function.
evaluate_in.m    | Returns various in-sample performance metrics for the estimates generated by different estimators.
evaluate_out.m   | Returns out-of-sample policy predictions, given a set (or distribution) of parameters and a behavioral model.
hotspots.m       | Returns the areas associated with the most bycatch, given baseline data. Used for evluating counterfactual hotspot-closure policies.
nfxp_likelihood.m| Returns the log likelihood value of the RERUM by first solving for the REE quota prices, given a vector of structural parameters, and then evaluating the conditional logit log likelihood, given the REE quota prices.
nfxp_mle.m       | Returns the MLE estimates of the RERUM estimator.
performance_table.m | Returns in-sample performance metrics, collated into a table for convenience.
w_approx.m       | Returns approximated quota prices from the Approximate RUM model.
w_equil.m        | Returns the rational expectations equilibrium quota-lease prices, as a function of time period and remaining quota.
w_pred.m         | Returns the predicted quota prices for several different behavioral models.

***
## Credit:
### CompEcon Toolbox
Some of the scripts above use funcitons developed by Miranda and Fackler, Applied Computational Economics and Finance, MIT Press: Cambridge, MA, 2002, p 510.
